Absorb CLI skill: workflow commands, dev server, CLI gotchas (#231)
temporalio/skill-temporal-developer: SKILL.md

---
name: temporal-developer

> description: Develop, debug, and manage Temporal applications across Python, TypeScript, Go, Java and .NET. Use when the user is building workflows, activities, or workers with a Temporal SDK, debugging issues like non-determinism errors, stuck workflows, or activity retries, using Temporal CLI, Temporal Server, or Temporal Cloud, or working with durable execution concepts like signals, queries, heartbeats, versioning, continue-as-new, child workflows, or saga patterns. Also use when the user mentions "run a Temporal workflow from the CLI", "start a dev server", "run temporal server start-dev", "temporal workflow start", "temporal workflow execute", "temporal workflow signal", "temporal workflow query", "temporal workflow update".

Reviewer: I'd also consider: 'run a workflow', 'start a worker'
Languages also include Ruby, Rust, and PHP

Author: We're gradually rolling out more language support in the CLI,  i think Ruby was added this week

Reviewer 2: I'd lean towards merge as-is. Concerned about bloating tokens here too much, let's circle back to this with evals

- **`references/core/error-reference.md`** - Common error types, workflow status reference
- **`references/core/interactive-workflows.md`** - Testing signals, updates, queries
- **`references/core/dev-management.md`** - Dev cycle & management of server and workers

> - **`references/core/cli-workflow-commands.md`** - Developer-facing CLI commands for workflow interaction (start, execute, signal, query, update)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`references/core/cli-workflow-commands.md`** - Key `temporal` CLI commands to use during development for workflow interaction (start, execute, signal, query, update)
```
